Everyone, I have a meeting.
Young man, please step aside. I,
Come and see me. I got a notification.
The specific time for the Global Music Project is down.
Just next week. I finally gave you the proof to one meter.
Moreover, I have already contacted the judge Mr. Chen.
If he likes it, we can certainly talk about it.
Thank you. Go and participate.
I have quite a lot of work ahead of me.
I have no experience to participate in those meanings
The person from the village chief is participating in the competition and is very sexy.
You take it day by day
Just want me to be at the company meeting
Don’t you still need one person?
You got up at will
The new little one is for Xi Xisun
I'm sorry that so many people will die.
This competition does not necessarily rely on works
You are like Brother Kangli
Chen Zong, don’t you know yet?
a small award
That's not a tight order.
and body in exchange for benefits
I contacted you first
Can be a global pre-plan
It's up to you to participate this time
There must be no scumbag, right?
After you finish writing it, give it to the village chief
If you write well, you will definitely win an award.
He's a little intern
hard on bed
It’s also an effort.